they can be famous they want that
Quickly associate your face with your
name and sell them everywhere but
as real they are satisfied with their
image rush to get the
sponsor of a surgeon with the drawing of
new the most difficult thing is that they accept that
they had
luciana salazar for example says that
he only made the rubbers that error what
pays homage to an inflatable doll top
sections of height
naturally operated
not only impressive back also
point
try to be a supporter
each part of the recording
because this having the same content
as a technician
with a complete
He told me not to be a girl's face
from the bunch with huge balloons and a
sculptural back to have announced is the
perfect model that surgeons can
take to the faculty to show all
the transformations have a body
can resist
luciana salazar in taca and attitude to
the queen of surgery alluding to this
moment because this week came out this
for luciana salazar the queen of the
mediums put part of their body with
a price that would have cost everything
the image issue and when he started his
career and its image as it is now its
last presentation to be the image
from a well-known luli toothpaste
salazar get ready because it will make you
judgment that you can adapt to 12 to all
those who mocked their teeth
at least because the impressive one was
impossible to see that
she was a plastic girl
since when the substance is made
It's so perfect
Imagine a barrack on a stretcher
operating room being helped by a scalpel
but much much more
well and I asked the chaste earth
color dollars
when the mind
your passion
November-December placing plasma on
what plasma does is stimulate the
collagen and give a certain tonicity to
glute
you added botox in the face and again in
the lips
and very well in its natural position the
mouth and I like that
now the dt says in the queue
then the balls of me
and so when in 2006 now
has passed
because I do not want to talk
vanesa carbone spent years of her life
trimming photos from magazines to be able
take them to a canaleduca silo if I
there will be a collage of his face
we have her
we present when vanesa carbone
to undergo a conspiracy in the
area of the legs when
Here are all the marks that are coming
also carbon
because they did not know another woman who changed
of face
new face
salazar
let's use temperature
You do not see yourself looking but whatever it is
but if your equal
when someone founded a company that
perform flame retardant treatment these
girls could fill up with money
taking into account the danger that they run
before the slightest flame since they are
flammable